Feat pasture cover documentation (#38)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/crops/pasture-cover-event.md

```
GET /data/crops/pasture-cover-events
```

Get a single Pasture Cover event, specified by it's ID. 
```
GET /data/crops/pasture-cover-events/{pastureCoverEventId}
```

Get all Pasture Cover events for a given holding.
```
GET /data/holdings/{HoldingId}/crops/pasture-cover-events
```

Get a single Pasture Cover event, specified by its Holding ID and ID. 
```
GET /data/holdings/{HoldingId}/crops/pasture-cover-events/{PastureCoverEventId}
```

---

## Response Structure

A call to the Pasture Cover Event endpoints returns the following fields: 

```json
{
    "id": "string",
    "meta": {...},
    "identifiers": [...],
    "name": "string",
    "observationDate": "2022-10-03T00:00:00Z",
    "feature": {...},
    "holding": {...},
    "phenomenonStartTime": "2022-03-03T09:40:00Z",
    "phenomenonEndTime": "2022-04-03T08:00:00Z",
    "responsible": "string",
    "remark": "string",
    "methodUsed": "string",
    "dryMatter": {...},
    "pastureHeight": {...},
    "pastureArea": {...},
    "equationIntercept": 826,
    "equationSlope": 158,
    "metabolisableEnergy": 10.6,
    "device": {...},
}
```

| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
|-|-|-|

> |**Id**| The *Pure Farming* Id of this Pasture Cover Event.|UUID|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Id**| The *Pure Farming* Id of this Pasture Cover event.|UUID|
```

|**Meta**| Meta data for the resource.| [Metadata](/resource-types/common.md#metadata)| 
|**Identifiers**| Any identifiers for this Pasture Cover event.| Array of [Identifiers](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)|
|**Name**| A user-readable name for the Pasture Cover Event.| String|

> |**Observation Date**|UTC Date and time the event was observed.|DateTime|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Observation Date**|UTC date and time the event was observed.|DateTime|
```

|**Feature**|The feature that this event occurred on |[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|
|**Holding**|The holding where the event was recorded.|[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|

> |**Phenomenon Start Time**| UTC Date and time when the Pasture Cover event started|DateTime|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Phenomenon Start Time**| UTC date and time when the Pasture Cover event started.|DateTime|
```

> | **Phenomenon End Time** | UTC Date and time for when the Pasture Cover event ended | DateTime|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Phenomenon End Time** | UTC date and time for when the Pasture Cover event ended. | DateTime|
```

---
title: Pasture Cover Event 
menu_order: 1
post_status: publish
post_excerpt: Crops - Pasture Cover Event
taxonomy:
    category:
        - api
        - data
    post_tag:
        - api
---

# Resource Type:  Crops - Pasture Cover Event
- [URLs](#urls)
- [Response Structure](#response-structure)

---

## URLs

> Get all Pasture Cover Events that you have access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all Pasture Cover events that you have access to.
```

```
GET /data/crops/pasture-cover-events
```

> Get a single Pasture Cover Events for the specified **pastureCoverEventId**, the Id is required. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get a single Pasture Cover event, specified by its ID
```

```
GET /data/crops/pasture-cover-events/{pastureCoverEventId}
```

> Get all Pasture Cover Events that are linked to the provided **HoldingId**, holding Id is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all Pasture Cover events for a given holding
```

```
GET /data/holdings/{HoldingId}/crops/pasture-cover-events
```

> Get a single Pasture Cover Events with a given **HoldingId** and **pastureCoverEventId**, both Ids are required. 

Reviewer: Get a single Pasture Cover event, specified by its Holding ID and ID

```
GET /data/holdings/{HoldingId}/crops/pasture-cover-events/{PastureCoverEventId}
```

---

## Response Structure

A call to the Pasture Cover Event endpoints returns the following fields: 

```json
{
    "id": "string",
    "meta": {...},
    "identifiers": [...],
    "name": "string",
    "observationDate": "2022-10-03T00:00:00Z",
    "feature": {...},
    "holding": {...},
    "phenomenonStartTime": "2022-03-03T09:40:00Z",
    "phenomenonEndTime": "2022-04-03T08:00:00Z",
    "responsible": "string",
    "remark": "string",
    "methodUsed": "string",
    "dryMatter": {...},
    "pastureHeight": {...},
    "pastureArea": {...},
    "equationIntercept": 826,
    "equationSlope": 158,
    "metabolisableEnergy": 10.6,
    "device": {...},
}
```

| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
|-|-|-|
|**Id**| The *Pure Farming* Id of this Pasture Cover Event.|UUID|
|**Meta**| Meta data for the resource.| [Metadata](/resource-types/common.md#metadata)| 

> |**Identifiers**| Any identifiers for this Pasture Cover Events.| Array of [Identifiers](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Identifiers**| Any identifiers for this Pasture Cover event.| Array of [Identifiers](/resource-types/common.md#identifier)|
```

|**Name**| A user-readable name for the Pasture Cover Event.| String|

> |**Observation Date**|UTC Date (required) and time (optional) the milk collection was taken.|Date/Time|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Observation Date**|UTC Date and time the milk collection was taken.|Datetime|
```

> |**Feature**|The feature that this operation performed on |[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Feature**|The feature that this event occurred on |[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|
```

> |**Holding**|The holding where the Pasture Cover Event was recorded.|[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Holding**|The holding where the event was recorded.|[Feature](/resource-types/common.md/#feature)|
```

> |**Phenomenon Start Time**|ISO UTC DateTime for when the Pasture Cover Event started|Date/Time|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Phenomenon Start Time**| UTC Date and time when the Pasture Cover event started |Datetime|
```

> | **Phenomenon End Time** | ISO UTC DateTime for when the Pasture Cover Event ended | Date/Time|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Phenomenon End Time**| UTC Date and time when the Pasture Cover event ended |Datetime|
```

|**Responsible** | Use if an observation is manually recorded, or an event is carried out or authorised by a person. | String |
|**Remark** | A comment or remark field for additional user-specified information about the event. | String |
|**Method Used**|Method used to determine pasture cover.</br>(Suggested values: Visual, PlateMeter, PastureProbe, SwardStick, C-Dax) | String| 

> |**Dry Matter**| Pasture dry matter yield calculated or estimated.| [Dry Matter Measure Type](#dry-matter-measure-type)|
> |**Pasture Height**| Average pasture height of the feature.| [Length Measure Type](#length-measure-type)|
> |**Pasture Area**|Area of the feature in pasture.|[Area Measurement Type](#area-measurement-type)|

Reviewer: I think for these links to work they need to have %20's in them (because whatever generates the page only puts dashes in for the first one)
```suggestion
|**Dry Matter**| Pasture dry matter yield calculated or estimated.| [Dry Matter Measure Type](#dry-matter%20measure%20type)|
|**Pasture Height**| Average pasture height of the feature.| [Length Measure Type](#length-measure%20type)|
|**Pasture Area**|Area of the feature in pasture.|[Area Measurement Type](#area-measurement%20type)|
```

|**Resolution**|The smallest measurement difference (in units) that can be discriminated given the current device settings.|Number|
|**Units**|Defines the unit of measure for the length.<br>Prefered units are `MTR` (UN-CEFACT metre).<br>(Valid values: KMT, MTR, CMT, MMT, SMI, YRD, FOT, INH, LY) | Enumeration| 

---

### Device
Optional information about the device used for the measurement.

Device object returns the following properties:

```json
{
    "id": "string",
    "serial": "string",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "softwareVersion": "string",
    "hardwareVersion": "string",
    "manufacturer": "string",
    "deviceCategory": "string",
}
```
| Response Item | Description | Data Type |
|-|-|-|
| **Id** | Unique identifier on location level in the source system for this device.| URI |
| **Serial** | The serial number of the device. | String |
| **Name** | The name of the device. | String | 
| **Description** | Description of the device. | String | 
| **Software Version** |Version of the software installed on the device. | String |
| **Hardware Version** | Version of the hardware installed in the device. | String |

> | **Manu Facturer** | Defines the relationship between the current resource and the referenced resource. | String | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Manufacturer** | The maker of the device | String |
```
